merge lint docs (#16843)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/dev/codingStandards.md

* Unused imports should be removed where possible.
  - Anything imported into a (sub)module can also be imported from that submodule.
  - As a result, removing unused imports may break compatibility, and should be done in compatibility breaking releases (see `deprecations.md`).
* Unused imports will give a lint warning. These can be handled the following ways:

>   - If these imports are inteded to be imported from other modules, they can be done included in a definition for `__all__`. This will override and define the symbols imported when performing a star import, eg `from module import *`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If these imports are intended to be imported from other modules, they can be included in a definition for `__all__`. This will override and define the symbols imported when performing a star import, eg `from module import *`.
```
